Since it has nothing to do with you
Then why did you take revenge on purpose?
Complain in front of Mr. Lu of Huacan Group
Hurt us will tell me
I didn't tell anyone.
Just because you offended yourself, you shouldn't
offender
We all saw it with our own eyes
You still don't admit it, do you?
It's always been that way.
No matter what I say, you won't believe me
But it doesn't matter.
In a moment you will know how much you are wrong
The worst thing I ever did
I met you five years ago
I feel like I've climbed a high branch
Character becomes arrogant and willful
As if we all owe you
As long as it doesn't go your way
You will wantonly take revenge on us Jiang Jing for causing so much trouble
It doesn't matter, do whatever you want.
Stop! You don't think
You are Mr. Lu of Huacan Group
A few nonsense before
Our Jiang family will go bankrupt because of this
Since Huacan Group has invited us to the banquet
That means we still have a chance
Wait until we see Mr. Lu of Huacan Group soon
Explain to him
We will house
You will become the editor of Huacan Group
And you are the same as us taking care of him, right?